W-10588485-ftp-examples-update-kt (#1793)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: ftp/1.5/modules/ROOT/pages/ftp-create-directory.adoc

= Create a Directory Using FTP Connector Example - Mule 4

> The Anypoint Connector for FTP (FTP Connector) *Create directory* operation enables you to create a directory of a given name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Connector for FTP (FTP Connector) provides a *Create directory* operation that enables you to create a directory of a given name.
```
